####################
### BLOCK GOOGLE ###
####################
local-zone: "googlevideo.com" static
local-zone: "googlevideo.cn" static
local-zone: "googlevideo.com.cn" static
local-zone: "1e100.net" static
local-zone: "android.com" static
local-zone: "appspot.com" static
local-zone: "blog.google" static
local-zone: "blogger.com" static
local-zone: "blogspot.ae" static
local-zone: "blogspot.al" static
local-zone: "blogspot.am" static
local-zone: "blogspot.ba" static
local-zone: "blogspot.be" static
local-zone: "blogspot.bg" static
local-zone: "blogspot.bj" static
local-zone: "blogspot.ca" static
local-zone: "blogspot.cf" static
local-zone: "blogspot.ch" static
local-zone: "blogspot.cl" static
local-zone: "blogspot.co.at" static
local-zone: "blogspot.co.id" static
local-zone: "blogspot.co.il" static
local-zone: "blogspot.co.ke" static
local-zone: "blogspot.co.nz" static
local-zone: "blogspot.co.uk" static
local-zone: "blogspot.co.za" static
local-zone: "blogspot.com.ar" static
local-zone: "blogspot.com.au" static
local-zone: "blogspot.com.br" static
local-zone: "blogspot.com.by" static
local-zone: "blogspot.com.co" static
local-zone: "blogspot.com.cy" static
local-zone: "blogspot.com.ee" static
local-zone: "blogspot.com.eg" static
local-zone: "blogspot.com.es" static
local-zone: "blogspot.com.mt" static
local-zone: "blogspot.com.ng" static
local-zone: "blogspot.com.tr" static
local-zone: "blogspot.com.uy" static
local-zone: "blogspot.com" static
local-zone: "blogspot.cv" static
local-zone: "blogspot.cz" static
local-zone: "blogspot.de" static
local-zone: "blogspot.dk" static
local-zone: "blogspot.fi" static
local-zone: "blogspot.fr" static
local-zone: "blogspot.gr" static
local-zone: "blogspot.hk" static
local-zone: "blogspot.hr" static
local-zone: "blogspot.hu" static
local-zone: "blogspot.ie" static
local-zone: "blogspot.in" static
local-zone: "blogspot.is" static
local-zone: "blogspot.it" static
local-zone: "blogspot.jp" static
local-zone: "blogspot.kr" static
local-zone: "blogspot.li" static
local-zone: "blogspot.lt" static
local-zone: "blogspot.lu" static
local-zone: "blogspot.md" static
local-zone: "blogspot.mk" static
local-zone: "blogspot.mr" static
local-zone: "blogspot.mx" static
local-zone: "blogspot.my" static
local-zone: "blogspot.nl" static
local-zone: "blogspot.no" static
local-zone: "blogspot.pe" static
local-zone: "blogspot.pt" static
local-zone: "blogspot.qa" static
local-zone: "blogspot.re" static
local-zone: "blogspot.ro" static
local-zone: "blogspot.rs" static
local-zone: "blogspot.ru" static
local-zone: "blogspot.se" static
local-zone: "blogspot.sg" static
local-zone: "blogspot.si" static
local-zone: "blogspot.sk" static
local-zone: "blogspot.sn" static
local-zone: "blogspot.td" static
local-zone: "blogspot.tw" static
local-zone: "blogspot.ug" static
local-zone: "blogspot.vn" static
local-zone: "capitalg.com" static
local-zone: "chrome.cn" static
local-zone: "chrome.com" static
local-zone: "chrome.org" static
local-zone: "chromebook.com" static
local-zone: "chromecast.com" static
local-zone: "chromium.org" static
local-zone: "codespot.com" static
local-zone: "csi.gstatic.com" static
local-zone: "ggpht.cn" static
local-zone: "ggpht.com" static
local-zone: "gmail.com.cn" static
local-zone: "golang.com" static
local-zone: "goo.gl" static
local-zone: "google.ac" static
local-zone: "google.ad" static
local-zone: "google.ae" static
local-zone: "google.al" static
local-zone: "google.am" static
local-zone: "google.as" static
local-zone: "google.at" static
local-zone: "google.az" static
local-zone: "google.ba" static
local-zone: "google.be" static
local-zone: "google.bf" static
local-zone: "google.bg" static
local-zone: "google.bi" static
local-zone: "google.bj" static
local-zone: "google.bs" static
local-zone: "google.bt" static
local-zone: "google.by" static
local-zone: "google.ca" static
local-zone: "google.cat" static
local-zone: "google.cc" static
local-zone: "google.cd" static
local-zone: "google.cf" static
local-zone: "google.cg" static
local-zone: "google.ch" static
local-zone: "google.ci" static
local-zone: "google.cl" static
local-zone: "google.cm" static
local-zone: "google.cn" static
local-zone: "google.co.ao" static
local-zone: "google.co.bw" static
local-zone: "google.co.bz" static
local-zone: "google.co.ck" static
local-zone: "google.co.cr" static
local-zone: "google.co.id" static
local-zone: "google.co.il" static
local-zone: "google.co.in" static
local-zone: "google.co.jp" static
local-zone: "google.co.ke" static
local-zone: "google.co.kr" static
local-zone: "google.co.ls" static
local-zone: "google.co.ma" static
local-zone: "google.co.mz" static
local-zone: "google.co.nz" static
local-zone: "google.co.pn" static
local-zone: "google.co.th" static
local-zone: "google.co.tz" static
local-zone: "google.co.ug" static
local-zone: "google.co.uk" static
local-zone: "google.co.uz" static
local-zone: "google.co.ve" static
local-zone: "google.co.vi" static
local-zone: "google.co.za" static
local-zone: "google.co.zm" static
local-zone: "google.co.zw" static
local-zone: "google.co" static
local-zone: "google.com.af" static
local-zone: "google.com.ag" static
local-zone: "google.com.ai" static
local-zone: "google.com.ar" static
local-zone: "google.com.au" static
local-zone: "google.com.bd" static
local-zone: "google.com.bh" static
local-zone: "google.com.bn" static
local-zone: "google.com.bo" static
local-zone: "google.com.br" static
local-zone: "google.com.bz" static
local-zone: "google.com.co" static
local-zone: "google.com.cu" static
local-zone: "google.com.cy" static
local-zone: "google.com.do" static
local-zone: "google.com.ec" static
local-zone: "google.com.eg" static
local-zone: "google.com.et" static
local-zone: "google.com.fj" static
local-zone: "google.com.gh" static
local-zone: "google.com.gi" static
local-zone: "google.com.gt" static
local-zone: "google.com.hk" static
local-zone: "google.com.jm" static
local-zone: "google.com.kh" static
local-zone: "google.com.kw" static
local-zone: "google.com.lb" static
local-zone: "google.com.lc" static
local-zone: "google.com.ly" static
local-zone: "google.com.mm" static
local-zone: "google.com.mt" static
local-zone: "google.com.mx" static
local-zone: "google.com.my" static
local-zone: "google.com.na" static
local-zone: "google.com.nf" static
local-zone: "google.com.ng" static
local-zone: "google.com.ni" static
local-zone: "google.com.np" static
local-zone: "google.com.om" static
local-zone: "google.com.pa" static
local-zone: "google.com.pe" static
local-zone: "google.com.pg" static
local-zone: "google.com.ph" static
local-zone: "google.com.pk" static
local-zone: "google.com.pr" static
local-zone: "google.com.py" static
local-zone: "google.com.qa" static
local-zone: "google.com.sa" static
local-zone: "google.com.sb" static
local-zone: "google.com.sg" static
local-zone: "google.com.sl" static
local-zone: "google.com.sv" static
local-zone: "google.com.tj" static
local-zone: "google.com.tr" static
local-zone: "google.com.tw" static
local-zone: "google.com.ua" static
local-zone: "google.com.uy" static
local-zone: "google.com.vc" static
local-zone: "google.com.vn" static
local-zone: "google.cv" static
local-zone: "google.cx" static
local-zone: "google.cz" static
local-zone: "google.dj" static
local-zone: "google.dm" static
local-zone: "google.dz" static
local-zone: "google.ee" static
local-zone: "google.es" static
local-zone: "google.eu" static
local-zone: "google.fi" static
local-zone: "google.fm" static
local-zone: "google.ga" static
local-zone: "google.ge" static
local-zone: "google.gf" static
local-zone: "google.gg" static
local-zone: "google.gl" static
local-zone: "google.gm" static
local-zone: "google.gp" static
local-zone: "google.gr" static
local-zone: "google.gy" static
local-zone: "google.hn" static
local-zone: "google.hr" static
local-zone: "google.ht" static
local-zone: "google.hu" static
local-zone: "google.ie" static
local-zone: "google.im" static
local-zone: "google.io" static
local-zone: "google.iq" static
local-zone: "google.is" static
local-zone: "google.it" static
local-zone: "google.je" static
local-zone: "google.jo" static
local-zone: "google.kg" static
local-zone: "google.ki" static
local-zone: "google.kz" static
local-zone: "google.la" static
local-zone: "google.li" static
local-zone: "google.lk" static
local-zone: "google.lt" static
local-zone: "google.lu" static
local-zone: "google.lv" static
local-zone: "google.md" static
local-zone: "google.me" static
local-zone: "google.mg" static
local-zone: "google.mk" static
local-zone: "google.ml" static
local-zone: "google.mn" static
local-zone: "google.ms" static
local-zone: "google.mu" static
local-zone: "google.mv" static
local-zone: "google.mw" static
local-zone: "google.ne" static
local-zone: "google.net" static
local-zone: "google.nf" static
local-zone: "google.nl" static
local-zone: "google.nr" static
local-zone: "google.nu" static
local-zone: "google.org" static
local-zone: "google.pl" static
local-zone: "google.pn" static
local-zone: "google.ps" static
local-zone: "google.pt" static
local-zone: "google.ro" static
local-zone: "google.rs" static
local-zone: "google.ru" static
local-zone: "google.rw" static
local-zone: "google.sc" static
local-zone: "google.sh" static
local-zone: "google.si" static
local-zone: "google.sk" static
local-zone: "google.sm" static
local-zone: "google.sn" static
local-zone: "google.so" static
local-zone: "google.sr" static
local-zone: "google.st" static
local-zone: "google.td" static
local-zone: "google.tg" static
local-zone: "google.tk" static
local-zone: "google.tl" static
local-zone: "google.tm" static
local-zone: "google.tn" static
local-zone: "google.to" static
local-zone: "google.tt" static
local-zone: "google.vg" static
local-zone: "google.vu" static
local-zone: "google.ws" static
local-zone: "google" static
local-zone: "googleapis.cn" static
local-zone: "googleapis.com" static
local-zone: "googlearth.com.cn" static
local-zone: "googlearth.com" static
local-zone: "googleblog.com" static
local-zone: "googlecapital.com" static
local-zone: "googlecode.com" static
local-zone: "googleearth.cn" static
local-zone: "googleearth.com.cn" static
local-zone: "googleearth.com" static
local-zone: "googlegroups.com" static
local-zone: "googlemail.com.cn" static
local-zone: "googlemail.com" static
local-zone: "googlemember.com" static
local-zone: "googlemembers.com" static
local-zone: "googleplay.com" static
local-zone: "googlescholar.cn" static
local-zone: "googlescholar.com.cn" static
local-zone: "googlescholar.com" static
local-zone: "googlesource.com" static
local-zone: "googletranslate.com" static
local-zone: "googleusercontent.cn" static
local-zone: "googleusercontent.com" static
local-zone: "localguidesconnect.com" static
local-zone: "madewithcode.com" static
local-zone: "pagespeedmobilizer.com" static
local-zone: "panoramio.com" static
local-zone: "picasa.com" static
local-zone: "sketchup.com" static
local-zone: "withgoogle.com" static
local-zone: "withyoutube.com" static
local-zone: "youtu.be" static
local-zone: "youtube-nocookie.com" static
local-zone: "youtube.be" static
local-zone: "youtube.cn" static
local-zone: "youtube.co.uk" static
local-zone: "youtube.de" static
local-zone: "youtube.fr" static
local-zone: "youtube.nl" static
local-zone: "youtube.pl" static
local-zone: "youtubeeducation.com" static
local-zone: "youtubegaming.com" static
local-zone: "yt.be" static
local-zone: "2mdn.net" static
local-zone: "466453.com" static
local-zone: "abc.xyz" static
local-zone: "admob.com" static
local-zone: "adsense.com" static
local-zone: "adservice.google.com" static
local-zone: "advertisercommunity.com" static
local-zone: "adwords.com" static
local-zone: "agoogleaday.com" static
local-zone: "ai.google" static
local-zone: "ampproject.org" static
local-zone: "chromeexperiments.com" static
local-zone: "cobrasearch.com" static
local-zone: "com.google" static
local-zone: "crashlytics.com" static
local-zone: "domains.google" static
local-zone: "doubleclick.com" static
local-zone: "doubleclick.net" static
local-zone: "doubleclickbygoogle.com" static
local-zone: "elgoog.im" static
local-zone: "feedburner.com" static
local-zone: "firebaseio.com" static
local-zone: "firebaseremoteconfig.googleapis.com" static
local-zone: "firehunt.com" static
local-zone: "foofle.com" static
local-zone: "froogle.com" static
local-zone: "g.cn" static
local-zone: "g.co" static
local-zone: "gg.google.com" static
local-zone: "ggoogle.com" static
local-zone: "gmodules.com" static
local-zone: "gogle.com" static
local-zone: "gogole.com" static
local-zone: "googel.com" static
local-zone: "googil.com" static
local-zone: "googl.com" static
local-zone: "google-analytics.com" static
local-zone: "googleadapis.l.google.com" static
local-zone: "googleadservices.com" static
local-zone: "googleanalytics.com" static
local-zone: "googleapps.com.cn" static
local-zone: "googleapps.com" static
local-zone: "googlebot.com" static
local-zone: "googlec.om" static
local-zone: "googlecommerce.com" static
local-zone: "googledrive.com.cn" static
local-zone: "googledrive.com" static
local-zone: "googlee.com" static
local-zone: "googlepagecreator.com" static
local-zone: "googlesyndication.cn" static
local-zone: "googlesyndication.com.cn" static
local-zone: "googlesyndication.com" static
local-zone: "googletagmanager.com" static
local-zone: "googletagservices.com" static
local-zone: "googleweblight.com" static
local-zone: "googlezip.net" static
local-zone: "googlr.com" static
local-zone: "goolge.com" static
local-zone: "gooogle.com" static
local-zone: "gstaticadssl.l.google.com" static
local-zone: "id.google.com" static
local-zone: "igoogle.com" static
local-zone: "imasdk.googleapis.com" static
local-zone: "keyhole.com" static
local-zone: "like.com" static
local-zone: "localhost.com" static
local-zone: "mail-ads.google.com" static
local-zone: "metric.gstatic.com" static
local-zone: "plus.google.com" static
local-zone: "plus.l.google.com" static
local-zone: "plus.sandbox.google.com" static
local-zone: "plusone.google.com" static
local-zone: "safebrowsing.googleapis.com" static
local-zone: "waze.com" static
local-zone: "whatbrowser.org" static
#################
### BLOCK ADS ###
#################
local-zone: "1rx.io" static
local-zone: "2o7.net" static
local-zone: "3gppnetwork.org" static
local-zone: "4finance.com" static
local-zone: "4info.com" static
local-zone: "33across.com" static
local-zone: "40ch.com" static
local-zone: "100webads.com" static
local-zone: "247realmedia.com" static
local-zone: "302br.net" static
local-zone: "360i.com" static
local-zone: "600z.com" static
local-zone: "aamapi.com" static
local-zone: "aamsitecertifier.com" static
local-zone: "aaxads.com" static
local-zone: "aax-us-iad.amazon.com" static
local-zone: "abz.com" static
local-zone: "accountkit.com" static
local-zone: "acsbap.com" static
local-zone: "ad4game.com" static
local-zone: "adap.tv" static
local-zone: "adbrite.com" static
local-zone: "adbureau.net" static
local-zone: "adcolony.com" static
local-zone: "addshoppers.com" static
local-zone: "addthisedge.com" static
local-zone: "addthis.com" static
local-zone: "addtoany.com" static
local-zone: "adform.net" static
local-zone: "adglare.net" static
local-zone: "adinterax.com" static
local-zone: "adjuggler.net" static
local-zone: "adjust.com" static
local-zone: "adjust.io" static
local-zone: "adlightning.com" static
local-zone: "admantx.com" static
local-zone: "admarvel.com" static
local-zone: "admex.com" static
local-zone: "adnexus.net" static
local-zone: "adnxs.com" static
local-zone: "adobedtm.com" static
local-zone: "adobetm.com" static
local-zone: "adorika.com" static
local-zone: "adpxl.co" static
local-zone: "adrevolver.com" static
local-zone: "adroll.com" static
local-zone: "adsafeprotected.com" static
local-zone: "adserver.com" static
local-zone: "adsnight.com" static
local-zone: "adsonar.com" static
local-zone: "adspsp.com" static
local-zone: "adsttc.com" static
local-zone: "adsymptotic.com" static
local-zone: "ads.cc" static
local-zone: "ads.ebay.com" static
local-zone: "ads.imgur.com" static
local-zone: "ads.nytimes.com" static
local-zone: "ads.zdnet.com" static
local-zone: "adtech.de" static
local-zone: "adtng.com" static
local-zone: "advanced-web-analytics.com" static
local-zone: "advertising.com" static
local-zone: "advertising.yahoo.com" static
local-zone: "advertserve.com" static
local-zone: "adworks.be" static
local-zone: "adxcel-ec2.com" static
local-zone: "adzerk.com" static
local-zone: "adzerk.net" static
local-zone: "ad-flow.com" static
local-zone: "ad-logics.com" static
local-zone: "agkn.com" static
local-zone: "agoramedia.com" static
local-zone: "alexametrics.com" static
local-zone: "alocdn.com" static
local-zone: "alot.com" static
local-zone: "amazon-adsystem.com" static
local-zone: "analytics.edgekey.net" static
local-zone: "analytics.edgesuite.net" static
local-zone: "analytics.yahoo.com" static
local-zone: "andrdoezrs.net" static
local-zone: "answerscloud.com" static
local-zone: "apester.com" static
local-zone: "appboycdn.com" static
local-zone: "appcenter.ms" static
local-zone: "appsflyer.com" static
local-zone: "app-measurement.com" static
local-zone: "ardrone.swoop.com" static
local-zone: "areametrics.com" static
local-zone: "atomz.com" static
local-zone: "atwola.com" static
local-zone: "at.atwola.com" static
local-zone: "avast.com" static
local-zone: "avcdn.net" static
local-zone: "awardspace.com" static
local-zone: "aweber.com" static
local-zone: "axf8.net" static
local-zone: "a.nytimes.com" static
local-zone: "b1js.com" static
local-zone: "b2c.com" static
local-zone: "bam-x.com" static
local-zone: "bannerflow.com" static
local-zone: "bannermall.com" static
local-zone: "baynote.net" static
local-zone: "bazaarvoice.com" static
local-zone: "bbelements.com" static
local-zone: "beacon.searchspring.io" static
local-zone: "beemray.com" static
local-zone: "betrad.com" static
local-zone: "bidswitch.net" static
local-zone: "bidtellect.com" static
local-zone: "bitads.net" static
local-zone: "bizible.com" static
local-zone: "bizrate.com" static
local-zone: "bkrtx.com" static
local-zone: "blasma.com" static
local-zone: "blog-stat.com" static
local-zone: "bluekai.com" static
local-zone: "bmmetrix.com" static
local-zone: "bnc.lt" static
local-zone: "boldchat.com" static
local-zone: "bounceexchange.com" static
local-zone: "brainlyads.com" static
local-zone: "branch.io" static
local-zone: "braze.com" static
local-zone: "breaksurvey.com" static
local-zone: "brightcove.com" static
local-zone: "brightcove.net" static
local-zone: "brontops.com" static
local-zone: "bronto.com" static
local-zone: "browseraccelerator.com" static
local-zone: "browser-update.org" static
local-zone: "brsrvr.com" static
local-zone: "btrll.com" static
local-zone: "btstatic.com" static
local-zone: "bttrack.com" static
local-zone: "buffpanel.com" static
local-zone: "bugsnag.com" static
local-zone: "buysub.com" static
local-zone: "buzlylabs.com" static
local-zone: "cafe24.com" static
local-zone: "casalemedia.com" static
local-zone: "cbsi.com" static
local-zone: "cc-dt.com" static
local-zone: "cdnwidget.com" static
local-zone: "cdn-net.com" static
local-zone: "cdxcda.com" static
local-zone: "cedexis-radar.net" static
local-zone: "cedexis.com" static
local-zone: "cedexis.net" static
local-zone: "center.io" static
local-zone: "centralmediaserver.com" static
local-zone: "centrport.net" static
local-zone: "ceros.com" static
local-zone: "certona.net" static
local-zone: "cfigroup.com" static
local-zone: "channelintelligence.com" static
local-zone: "chartbeat.com" static
local-zone: "chartbeat.net" static
local-zone: "chatango.com" static
local-zone: "checkm8.com" static
local-zone: "chimpstatic.com" static
local-zone: "chowhound.com" static
local-zone: "cityadstrack.com" static
local-zone: "cityads.com" static
local-zone: "clean.gg" static
local-zone: "clearbit.com" static
local-zone: "clickability.com" static
local-zone: "clickadz.com" static
local-zone: "clickbank.net" static
local-zone: "clickbooth.com" static
local-zone: "clickfuse.com" static
local-zone: "clicktale.net" static
local-zone: "clicktracks.com" static
local-zone: "clicktripz.com" static
local-zone: "clickzs.com" static
local-zone: "clixmetrix.com" static
local-zone: "clktrk.com" static
local-zone: "cloudfront-labs.amazonaws.com" static
local-zone: "cloudinary.com" static
local-zone: "cmpnet.com" static
local-zone: "comscore.biz" static
local-zone: "comscore.com" static
local-zone: "comscore.net" static
local-zone: "comscore.org" static
local-zone: "com.com" static
local-zone: "com.mx" static
local-zone: "condenastdigital.com" static
local-zone: "conde.io" static
local-zone: "conduit-services.com" static
local-zone: "connatix.com" static
local-zone: "consensu.org" static
local-zone: "contextweb.com" static
local-zone: "conversionsbox.com" static
local-zone: "counted.com" static
local-zone: "counterbank.com" static
local-zone: "count.ly" static
local-zone: "coveo.com" static
local-zone: "cpays.com" static
local-zone: "cqcounter.com" static
local-zone: "cquotient.com" static
local-zone: "crashlytics.com" static
local-zone: "crash.steampowered.com" static
local-zone: "crazyegg.com" static
local-zone: "createsend1.com" static
local-zone: "criteo.com" static
local-zone: "crittercism.com" static
local-zone: "crowdscience.com" static
local-zone: "ctctcdn.com" static
local-zone: "ctrck.com" static
local-zone: "curalate.com" static
local-zone: "cybercreatives.com" static
local-zone: "d2g.com" static
local-zone: "d5nxst8fruw4z.cloudfront.net" static
local-zone: "d31qbv1cthcecs.cloudfront.net" static
local-zone: "dapper.net" static
local-zone: "databerries.com" static
local-zone: "datadoghq-browser-agent.com" static
local-zone: "datatables.net" static
local-zone: "dcswx.com" static
local-zone: "dealtime.com" static
local-zone: "decibelinsight.net" static
local-zone: "deltadna.net" static
local-zone: "demdex.com" static
local-zone: "demdex.net" static
local-zone: "deployads.com" static
local-zone: "deshmedia.com" static
local-zone: "device-metrics-us.amazon.com" static
local-zone: "devx.com" static
local-zone: "dianomi.com" static
local-zone: "directnavbt.com" static
local-zone: "dmpxs.com" static
local-zone: "dmtracker.com" static
local-zone: "dnps.com" static
local-zone: "domdex.com" static
local-zone: "doubleverify.com" static
local-zone: "downloads.com" static
local-zone: "driftt.com" static
local-zone: "drivereasy.com" static
local-zone: "dsparking.com" static
local-zone: "ds-aksb-a.akamaihd.net" static
local-zone: "dtmpub.com" static
local-zone: "dvlabs.com" static
local-zone: "dwin1.com" static
local-zone: "dynamicyield.com" static
local-zone: "dyntrk.com" static
local-zone: "ebayadvertising.com" static
local-zone: "ecoupons.com" static
local-zone: "edigitalsurvey.com" static
local-zone: "eepurl.com" static
local-zone: "effectivemeasure.com" static
local-zone: "effectivemeasure.net" static
local-zone: "elitics.com" static
local-zone: "ellard.biz" static
local-zone: "ellard.net" static
local-zone: "eloqua.com" static
local-zone: "embed.ly" static
local-zone: "emetriq.de" static
local-zone: "ensighten.com" static
local-zone: "eprize.com" static
local-zone: "eproof.com" static
local-zone: "eqads.com" static
local-zone: "esomniture.com" static
local-zone: "estat.com" static
local-zone: "etracker.com" static
local-zone: "et.nytimes.com" static
local-zone: "eum-appdynamics.com" static
local-zone: "everestjs.net" static
local-zone: "evidon.com" static
local-zone: "ewebcounter.com" static
local-zone: "exactadvertising.com" static
local-zone: "exclusiveclicks.com" static
local-zone: "exelator.com" static
local-zone: "exitfuel.com" static
local-zone: "exoclick.com" static
local-zone: "eyereturn.com" static
local-zone: "eyewonder.com" static
local-zone: "ezodn.com" static
local-zone: "ezoic.net" static
local-zone: "e-tailwebstores.com" static
local-zone: "factual.com" static
local-zone: "falkag.net" static
local-zone: "fastclick.com" static
local-zone: "fastclick.net" static
local-zone: "feedbackify.com" static
local-zone: "feedbackresearch.com" static
local-zone: "feedblitz.com" static
local-zone: "feedburner.com" static
local-zone: "feedlounge.com" static
local-zone: "findcommerce.com" static
local-zone: "findparallel.com" static
local-zone: "firebaseremoteconfig.googleapis.com" static
local-zone: "fitanalytics.com" static
local-zone: "fixcounter.com" static
local-zone: "flashfeedback.com" static
local-zone: "flashtalking.com" static
local-zone: "flixcar.com" static
local-zone: "flurry.com" static
local-zone: "flycast.com" static
local-zone: "flyerboard.com" static
local-zone: "focalink.com" static
local-zone: "foresee.com" static
local-zone: "foxpush.com" static
local-zone: "freelogs.com" static
local-zone: "freeonlineusers.com" static
local-zone: "freesmileys.org" static
local-zone: "frog.wix.com" static
local-zone: "funbuddyicons.com" static
local-zone: "fusestats.com" static
local-zone: "fuse-data.com" static
local-zone: "fwmrm.net" static
local-zone: "galacticoffers.com" static
local-zone: "gameplay.intel.com" static
local-zone: "gaug.es" static
local-zone: "geforce.com" static
local-zone: "gemius.pl" static
local-zone: "getambassador.com" static
local-zone: "getclicky.com" static
local-zone: "getdrip.com" static
local-zone: "getsidercar.com" static
local-zone: "getsteamgifts.com" static
local-zone: "gfe.geforce.com" static
local-zone: "gfe.nvidia.com" static
local-zone: "gigya.com" static
local-zone: "glassboxcdn.com" static
local-zone: "glasslytics.com" static
local-zone: "gleam.io" static
local-zone: "globadmedia.com" static
local-zone: "gmodules.com" static
local-zone: "gotraffic.net" static
local-zone: "go-mpulse.net" static
local-zone: "gpsonextra.net" static
local-zone: "granify.com" static
local-zone: "grmtas.com" static
local-zone: "gscontxt.net" static
local-zone: "gumgum.com" static
local-zone: "gu-web.net" static
local-zone: "headlinerlabs.com" static
local-zone: "heapanalytics.com" static
local-zone: "helpshift.com" static
local-zone: "here.com" static
local-zone: "heywire.com" static
local-zone: "heyzap.com" static
local-zone: "highbeam.com" static
local-zone: "highrez.co.uk" static
local-zone: "histats.com" static
local-zone: "hitbox.com" static
local-zone: "hitgraph.jp" static
local-zone: "hitslink.com" static
local-zone: "hittail.com" static
local-zone: "hlserve.com" static
local-zone: "hostip.info" static
local-zone: "hotjar.com" static
local-zone: "hoverowl.com" static
local-zone: "hsadspixel.net" static
local-zone: "hscta.net" static
local-zone: "hubspot.com" static
local-zone: "hubspot.net" static
local-zone: "humanclick.com" static
local-zone: "hurra.de" static
local-zone: "hypertracker.com" static
local-zone: "iadnet.com" static
local-zone: "iasds01.com" static
local-zone: "ic-live.com" static
local-zone: "idealmedia.com" static
local-zone: "identads.com" static
local-zone: "idg.com.au" static
local-zone: "igodigital.com" static
local-zone: "iljmp.com" static
local-zone: "imgaft.com" static
local-zone: "impactradius-event.com" static
local-zone: "impulsehands.com" static
local-zone: "imrworldwide.com" static
local-zone: "imtwjwoasak.com" static
local-zone: "imysurvey.com" static
local-zone: "indexww.com" static
local-zone: "industrybrains.com" static
local-zone: "inet1.com" static
local-zone: "inmarket.com" static
local-zone: "inmobi.com" static
local-zone: "inq.com" static
local-zone: "insightexpressai.com" static
local-zone: "inspectlet.com" static
local-zone: "instant.page" static
local-zone: "intellitxt.com" static
local-zone: "intentmedia.net" static
local-zone: "interclick.com" static
local-zone: "intercom.io" static
local-zone: "internetbrands.com" static
local-zone: "interpolls.com" static
local-zone: "invitemedia.com" static
local-zone: "ip-api.com" static
local-zone: "itnation.com" static
local-zone: "izatcloud.net" static
local-zone: "jetlore.com" static
local-zone: "jetlore.info" static
local-zone: "jetlore.net" static
local-zone: "jetlore.org" static
local-zone: "jsdellvr.com" static
local-zone: "jumptap.com" static
local-zone: "justuno.com" static
local-zone: "jwplayer.com" static
local-zone: "jwpltx.com" static
local-zone: "kanoodle.com" static
local-zone: "kargo.com" static
local-zone: "keen.io" static
local-zone: "keymetric.net" static
local-zone: "keystone.zillow.com" static
local-zone: "keywee.co" static
local-zone: "keywordmax.com" static
local-zone: "kingfeatures.com" static
local-zone: "king.com" static
local-zone: "kissmetrics.com" static
local-zone: "kit.net" static
local-zone: "kixer.com" static
local-zone: "klaviyo.com" static
local-zone: "klclick.com" static
local-zone: "klipmart.com" static
local-zone: "kochava.com" static
local-zone: "konversation.com" static
local-zone: "korrelate.net" static
local-zone: "krxd.net" static
local-zone: "ladsup.com" static
local-zone: "lapbxplc.com" static
local-zone: "leadpages.net" static
local-zone: "leady.com" static
local-zone: "liadm.com" static
local-zone: "libring.com" static
local-zone: "ligatus.com" static
local-zone: "lijit.com" static
local-zone: "linksmart.com" static
local-zone: "linkstorm.net" static
local-zone: "linksynergy.com" static
local-zone: "listrakbi.com" static
local-zone: "lithium.com" static
local-zone: "livechatinc.com" static
local-zone: "livefreefunwith.me" static
local-zone: "livefyre.com" static
local-zone: "liveperson.net" static
local-zone: "llnwd.net" static
local-zone: "loadmill.com" static
local-zone: "loadus.exelator.com" static
local-zone: "localytics.com" static
local-zone: "lockerdomecdn.com" static
local-zone: "logentries.com" static
local-zone: "logger.unsplash.com" static
local-zone: "log.pinterest.com" static
local-zone: "lop.com" static
local-zone: "lygo.com" static
local-zone: "madnxs.com" static
local-zone: "madnxs.net" static
local-zone: "mailchimp.com" static
local-zone: "mailerlite.com" static
local-zone: "marketinghq.net" static
local-zone: "marketingsolutions.yahoo.com" static
local-zone: "marketo.com" static
local-zone: "markitodemand.com" static
local-zone: "marphezis.com" static
local-zone: "matchcraft.com" static
local-zone: "mathtag.com" static
local-zone: "matrix.it" static
local-zone: "maxserving.com" static
local-zone: "maxymiser.net" static
local-zone: "mbsy.co" static
local-zone: "mediamath.com" static
local-zone: "mediaplex.com" static
local-zone: "mediavine.com" static
local-zone: "mediavoice.com" static
local-zone: "media.net" static
local-zone: "meetrics.net" static
local-zone: "metcon.hulu.com" static
local-zone: "mgid.com" static
local-zone: "micpn.com" static
local-zone: "midaddle.com" static
local-zone: "milotree.com" static
local-zone: "minewhat.com" static
local-zone: "minhub.com" static
local-zone: "minifyscripts.com" static
local-zone: "mixer.com" static
local-zone: "mixpanel.com" static
local-zone: "mixtraffic.com" static
local-zone: "mnginteractive.com" static
local-zone: "moatads.com" static
local-zone: "mobileapptracking.com" static
local-zone: "monetate.net" static
local-zone: "monkeyads.com" static
local-zone: "mouseflow.com" static
local-zone: "mparticle.com" static
local-zone: "mpstat.us" static
local-zone: "mtrcs.samba.tv" static
local-zone: "mxpnl.com" static
local-zone: "mxptint.net" static
local-zone: "myfinance.com" static
local-zone: "myfonts.net" static
local-zone: "myftpupload.com" static
local-zone: "mylife.com" static
local-zone: "mylivesignature.com" static
local-zone: "myvisualiq.net" static
local-zone: "mywebsite-editor.com" static
local-zone: "narvar.com" static
local-zone: "netlog.com" static
local-zone: "netmng.com" static
local-zone: "newrelic.com" static
local-zone: "newsinc.com" static
local-zone: "nexac.com" static
local-zone: "nexage.com" static
local-zone: "nextag.com" static
local-zone: "nfl.com" static
local-zone: "nnselect.com" static
local-zone: "nosto.com" static
local-zone: "npttech.com" static
local-zone: "nr-data.net" static
local-zone: "ntv.io" static
local-zone: "nvidiagrid.net" static
local-zone: "nytstore.com" static
local-zone: "olark.com" static
local-zone: "omtrdc.net" static
local-zone: "oneall.com" static
local-zone: "onesignal.com" static
local-zone: "onestat.com" static
local-zone: "onetrust.com" static
local-zone: "onlinewebfonts.com" static
local-zone: "online-metrix.net" static
local-zone: "onswipe.com" static
local-zone: "ontoplist.com" static
local-zone: "on-my-web.com" static
local-zone: "openx.net" static
local-zone: "opinionstage.com" static
local-zone: "opmnstr.com" static
local-zone: "optimizely.com" static
local-zone: "optimonk.com" static
local-zone: "optmnstr.com" static
local-zone: "optmstr.com" static
local-zone: "optmyzr.com" static
local-zone: "optnmnstr.com" static
local-zone: "optnmstr.com" static
local-zone: "orgoro.com" static
local-zone: "ota.nvidia.com" static
local-zone: "outbrain.com" static
local-zone: "owneriq.net" static
local-zone: "pagecount.com" static
local-zone: "parked-content.godaddy.com" static
local-zone: "passportimages.com" static
local-zone: "paycount.com" static
local-zone: "paypallobjects.com" static
local-zone: "pebblemedia.be" static
local-zone: "pepperjamnetwork.com" static
local-zone: "pepperjam.com" static
local-zone: "performanceadexchange.com" static
local-zone: "perimeterx.net" static
local-zone: "permutive.com" static
local-zone: "phicdn.net" static
local-zone: "picadmedia.com" static
local-zone: "pingdom.net" static
local-zone: "pipelpop.co" static
local-zone: "piwikpro.com" static
local-zone: "pixel.wp.com" static
local-zone: "pixlee.com" static
local-zone: "pixstats.net" static
local-zone: "placeholder.com" static
local-zone: "playbuzz.com" static
local-zone: "playtomic.com" static
local-zone: "plugrush.com" static
local-zone: "pm0.net" static
local-zone: "pointroll.com" static
local-zone: "polldaddy.com" static
local-zone: "polyfill.io" static
local-zone: "popads.net" static
local-zone: "postaffiliatepro.com" static
local-zone: "postrelease.com" static
local-zone: "pricespider.com" static
local-zone: "printio-geo.appspot.com" static
local-zone: "prizerebel.com" static
local-zone: "proext.com" static
local-zone: "proximic.com" static
local-zone: "proximi-t.com" static
local-zone: "pubexchange.com" static
local-zone: "pubmatic.com" static
local-zone: "pub.network" static
local-zone: "puhtml.com" static
local-zone: "pulse360.com" static
local-zone: "pulseinsights.com" static
local-zone: "pusherapp.com" static
local-zone: "px-cloud.net" static
local-zone: "p.imgur.com" static
local-zone: "qcomgeo2.com" static
local-zone: "qsxjs.com" static
local-zone: "qtlglb.com" static
local-zone: "qualaroo.com" static
local-zone: "qualtrics.com" static
local-zone: "quantserve.com" static
local-zone: "quantserve.net" static
local-zone: "quantummetric.com" static
local-zone: "questionmarket.com" static
local-zone: "raygun.io" static
local-zone: "rbl.ms" static
local-zone: "rcapp.persgroep.be" static
local-zone: "reactandshare.com" static
local-zone: "realmedia.com" static
local-zone: "refersion.com" static
local-zone: "regmedia.co.uk" static
local-zone: "resellerratings.com" static
local-zone: "restream.io" static
local-zone: "res-x.com" static
local-zone: "revcontent.com" static
local-zone: "revealmobile.com" static
local-zone: "rewardstyle.com" static
local-zone: "rhombusads.com" static
local-zone: "richmetrics.com" static
local-zone: "rightstats.com" static
local-zone: "riskified.com" static
local-zone: "rollbar.com" static
local-zone: "rs6.net" static
local-zone: "rtb-media.me" static
local-zone: "rtk.io" static
local-zone: "ru4.com" static
local-zone: "rubiconproject.com" static
local-zone: "sageanalyst.net" static
local-zone: "sampletext.org" static
local-zone: "samsunads.com" static
local-zone: "samsungcloudsolution.com" static
local-zone: "sascdn.com" static
local-zone: "sbnation.com" static
local-zone: "scanscout.com" static
local-zone: "scorecardresearch.com" static
local-zone: "scripps.com" static
local-zone: "sc-static.net" static
local-zone: "seal.verisign.com" static
local-zone: "searchmagnified.com" static
local-zone: "searchmarketing.com" static
local-zone: "searchspring.io" static
local-zone: "sedo.com" static
local-zone: "segment.com" static
local-zone: "segmetrics.io" static
local-zone: "sense360eng.com" static
local-zone: "sentry-cdn.com" static
local-zone: "servedbyopenx.com" static
local-zone: "serving-sys.com" static
local-zone: "servint.net" static
local-zone: "shareaholic.com" static
local-zone: "shareasale.com" static
local-zone: "sharedcount.com" static
local-zone: "sharepointads.com" static
local-zone: "sherv.net" static
local-zone: "shoelace.com" static
local-zone: "shoppingshaddow.com" static
local-zone: "shopping.com" static
local-zone: "shortpixel.ai" static
local-zone: "singular.net" static
local-zone: "sitelabweb.com" static
local-zone: "sitemeter.com" static
local-zone: "sitestat.com" static
local-zone: "sitestat.info" static
local-zone: "sitestat.net" static
local-zone: "sitetracker.com" static
local-zone: "skimresources.com" static
local-zone: "slickstream.com" static
local-zone: "smaato.net" static
local-zone: "smadex.com" static
local-zone: "smartadserver.com" static
local-zone: "smartclip.net" static
local-zone: "smirnoff.com" static
local-zone: "socialblade.com" static
local-zone: "society6.com" static
local-zone: "socket.streamable.com" static
local-zone: "solutionshindsight.net" static
local-zone: "sonobi.com" static
local-zone: "specificclick.net" static
local-zone: "speedomizer.com" static
local-zone: "spinbox.net" static
local-zone: "sprint.com" static
local-zone: "spylog.com" static
local-zone: "squarespce.com" static
local-zone: "ss2.us" static
local-zone: "statcounter.com" static
local-zone: "stathat.com" static
local-zone: "statistiq.com" static
local-zone: "statistx.com" static
local-zone: "stats21.com" static
local-zone: "stats.bbc.co.uk" static
local-zone: "stats.com.edgesuite.net" static
local-zone: "stats.com" static
local-zone: "stats.paypal.com" static
local-zone: "stats.pusher.com" static
local-zone: "stats.wordpress.com" static
local-zone: "stats.wp.com" static
local-zone: "stat-rock.com" static
local-zone: "suitesmart.com" static
local-zone: "sumome.com" static
local-zone: "sumo.com" static
local-zone: "superpages.ca" static
local-zone: "supersonicads-a.akamaihd.net" static
local-zone: "superstats.com" static
local-zone: "suqarespace.com" static
local-zone: "surfcounters.com" static
local-zone: "survata.com" static
local-zone: "surveymonkey.com" static
local-zone: "surveysite.com" static
local-zone: "surveysite.net" static
local-zone: "survicate.com" static
local-zone: "svtrd.com" static
local-zone: "swapinsane.com" static
local-zone: "switchadhub.com" static
local-zone: "swrve.com" static
local-zone: "taboola.com" static
local-zone: "tacoda.net" static
local-zone: "tagular.com" static
local-zone: "tamgrt.com" static
local-zone: "tapad.com" static
local-zone: "tapatalk-cdn.org" static
local-zone: "tapjoy.com" static
local-zone: "targetnet.com" static
local-zone: "tar.gz" static
local-zone: "teads.com" static
local-zone: "technorati.com" static
local-zone: "telemetrysolved.com" static
local-zone: "tenor.com" static
local-zone: "theahl.com" static
local-zone: "thepetitionsite.com" static
local-zone: "thruport.com" static
local-zone: "thunderhead.com" static
local-zone: "tidd.ly" static
local-zone: "tinybar.com" static
local-zone: "tinypass.com" static
local-zone: "tiqcdn.com" static
local-zone: "toboads.com" static
local-zone: "trackcmp.net" static
local-zone: "trackjs.com" static
local-zone: "trackuity.com" static
local-zone: "track.custora.com" static
local-zone: "trafficfile.com" static
local-zone: "travelzoo.com" static
local-zone: "tremormedia.com" static
local-zone: "trendmd.com" static
local-zone: "tribalfusion.com" static
local-zone: "tridentads.com" static
local-zone: "trkn.us" static
local-zone: "trmit.com" static
local-zone: "truecaller.com" static
local-zone: "trustarc.com" static
local-zone: "truste.com" static
local-zone: "trustpilot.com" static
local-zone: "trustx.org" static
local-zone: "tru.am" static
local-zone: "tubemogul.com" static
local-zone: "tumri.net" static
local-zone: "turboadv.com" static
local-zone: "turbobanner.com" static
local-zone: "turnto.com" static
local-zone: "turn.com" static
local-zone: "tvpage.com" static
local-zone: "tvsquared.com" static
local-zone: "twistermc.com" static
local-zone: "tynt.com" static
local-zone: "typekit.net" static
local-zone: "typography.com" static
local-zone: "t.paypal.com" static
local-zone: "ubembed.com" static
local-zone: "udmserve.net" static
local-zone: "ugdturner.com" static
local-zone: "unbounce.com" static
local-zone: "unbxdapi.com" static
local-zone: "unicast.com" static
local-zone: "unpkg.com" static
local-zone: "urldelivery.com" static
local-zone: "usergrid.com" static
local-zone: "useriq.com" static
local-zone: "uservoice.com" static
local-zone: "userzoom.com" static
local-zone: "us.ard.yahoo.com" static
local-zone: "vcita.com" static
local-zone: "vdtrack.com" static
local-zone: "vectorstock.com" static
local-zone: "verticlick.com" static
local-zone: "videoadex.com" static
local-zone: "viglink.com" static
local-zone: "vilynx.com" static
local-zone: "vindicosuite.com" static
local-zone: "visiblemeasures.com" static
local-zone: "visualrevenue.com" static
local-zone: "vmg.nyc" static
local-zone: "vntsm.com" static
local-zone: "v.shopify.com" static
local-zone: "w55c.net" static
local-zone: "webcollage.net" static
local-zone: "webhitsdirect.com" static
local-zone: "weblogssl.com" static
local-zone: "weborama.com" static
local-zone: "weborama.fr" static
local-zone: "webshots.net" static
local-zone: "websitestats.info" static
local-zone: "webspectator.com" static
local-zone: "webstat.net" static
local-zone: "webtrekk.com" static
local-zone: "webtrendslive.com" static
local-zone: "webtype.com" static
local-zone: "whisk.com" static
local-zone: "wisepops.com" static
local-zone: "wishabi.com" static
local-zone: "wistia.net" static
local-zone: "woopra.com" static
local-zone: "wootric.com" static
local-zone: "wpdigital.net" static
local-zone: "wsod.net" static
local-zone: "wzrkt.com" static
local-zone: "xclick.net" static
local-zone: "xg4ken.com" static
local-zone: "xiti.com" static
local-zone: "xlontech.net" static
local-zone: "yepads.com" static
local-zone: "yext-pixel.com" static
local-zone: "yieldify.com" static
local-zone: "yieldlove.com" static
local-zone: "yieldmanager.com" static
local-zone: "yieldmanager.edgesuite.net" static
local-zone: "yieldmo.com" static
local-zone: "yieldoptimizer.com" static
local-zone: "yotpo.com" static
local-zone: "ywxi.net" static
local-zone: "zdbb.net" static
local-zone: "zdmcirc.com" static
local-zone: "zedo.com" static
local-zone: "ziffdavisinternet.com" static
local-zone: "zkcdn.net" static
local-zone: "zopim.com" static
local-zone: "zqtk.net" static
###################
### BLOCK APPLE ###
###################
local-zone: "aaplimg.com" static
local-zone: "apple-dns.net" static
local-zone: "apple-finance.query.yahoo.com" static
local-zone: "apple.com.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "apple.com.cn" static
local-zone: "apple.com.edgekey.net.globalredir.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "apple.com.edgekey.net" static
local-zone: "apple.com.edgesuite.net" static
local-zone: "apple.com" static
local-zone: "apple.net" static
local-zone: "blobstore-apple.com.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "cddbp.net" static
local-zone: "cdn-apple.com.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "cdn-apple.com" static
local-zone: "courier-push-apple.com.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "courier-push-applecom.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "courier-sandbox-push-apple.com.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "courier-sandbox-push-applecom.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "ess-apple.com.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "gc-apple.com.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "gcsis-applecom.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "guzzoni-apple.com.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "iadsdk.apple.com" static
local-zone: "icloud.com.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "icloud.com" static
local-zone: "iphone.com" static
local-zone: "itunes-apple.com.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "itunes-nocookie.com" static
local-zone: "itunes.com" static
local-zone: "itunesradio.com" static
local-zone: "ls-apple.com.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "me.com.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "me.com" static
local-zone: "mzstatic.com" static
local-zone: "oa-apple.com.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "origin-apple.com.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "push-apple.com.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "seed-siri-apple.com.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "siri.com" static
local-zone: "smoot-applecom.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "wwwitunes.com" static
######################
### BLOCK FACEBOOK ###
######################
local-zone: "giphy.com" static
local-zone: "cdninstagram.com" static
local-zone: "facebook.be" static
local-zone: "facebook.com" static
local-zone: "facebook.com.edgekey.net" static
local-zone: "facebook.com.edgesuite.net" static
local-zone: "facebook.de" static
local-zone: "facebook.dk" static
local-zone: "facebook.es" static
local-zone: "facebook.fr" static
local-zone: "facebook.is" static
local-zone: "facebook.jp" static
local-zone: "facebook.mx" static
local-zone: "facebook.net" static
local-zone: "facebook.net.edgekey.net" static
local-zone: "facebook.nl" static
local-zone: "facebook.no" static
local-zone: "facebook.org" static
local-zone: "facebook.se" static
local-zone: "facebook-studio.com" static
local-zone: "facebook.us" static
local-zone: "facebook-web-clients.appspot.com" static
local-zone: "faceobok.com" static
local-zone: "fbcdn.com" static
local-zone: "fbcdn.net" static
local-zone: "fbcdn-photos-a.akamaihd.net" static
local-zone: "fbcdn-profile-a.akamaihd.net" static
local-zone: "fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd.net" static
local-zone: "fb.com" static
local-zone: "fb.de" static
local-zone: "fbexternal-a.akamaihd.net" static
local-zone: "fb.fr" static
local-zone: "fb.me" static
local-zone: "fbsbx.com" static
local-zone: "fbsbx.com.online-metrix.net" static
local-zone: "fbstatic-a.akamaihd.net" static
local-zone: "fburl.com" static
local-zone: "freebasics.com" static
local-zone: "freebasics.org" static
local-zone: "instagram.com" static
local-zone: "instagram.net" static
local-zone: "instagramstatic-a.akamaihd.net" static
local-zone: "instagramstatic-a.akamaihd.net.edgesuite.net" static
local-zone: "internet.org" static
local-zone: "libra.org" static
local-zone: "messages-facebook.com" static
local-zone: "messenger.com" static
local-zone: "messengerkids.com" static
local-zone: "m.me" static
local-zone: "oculus.com" static
local-zone: "oculusvr.com" static
local-zone: "snapchat.com" static
local-zone: "tfbnw.net" static
local-zone: "thefacebook.com" static
local-zone: "whatsapp.com" static
local-zone: "whatsapp.net" static
local-zone: "wit.ai" static
local-zone: "workplace.com" static
local-zone: "www-facebook-com.cdn.ampproject.org" static
#######################
### BLOCK MICROSOFT ###
#######################
local-zone: "1drv.com" static
local-zone: "a-msedge.net" static
local-zone: "a1856.g2.akamai.net" static
local-zone: "accessvb.com" static
local-zone: "adcentercommunity.com" static
local-zone: "adecn.com" static
local-zone: "advisor.net" static
local-zone: "afdogw.com" static
local-zone: "ailogiq.com" static
local-zone: "anti-spamtools.org" static
local-zone: "aquantive.com" static
local-zone: "aspnetcdn.com" static
local-zone: "atdmt.com" static
local-zone: "atlassolutions.com" static
local-zone: "azure-test.net" static
local-zone: "azure.com" static
local-zone: "azure.net" static
local-zone: "azure" static
local-zone: "azuredns-cloud.net" static
local-zone: "azureedge.net" static
local-zone: "azurewebsites.net" static
local-zone: "bbsindex.com" static
local-zone: "bcentral-int.com" static
local-zone: "bcentral-ppe.com" static
local-zone: "bcentral.com" static
local-zone: "bcentral.net" static
local-zone: "betaoneservices.com" static
local-zone: "bing-int.com" static
local-zone: "bing.com" static
local-zone: "bing.net" static
local-zone: "bing" static
local-zone: "binginternal.com" static
local-zone: "brktx.com" static
local-zone: "c-msedge.net" static
local-zone: "cfsinsider.com" static
local-zone: "cinemania.com" static
local-zone: "clearlead.com" static
local-zone: "clearleadtest.com" static
local-zone: "cloudapp.aria.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "cloudapp.net" static
local-zone: "clouddrive.com" static
local-zone: "clownoutbreak.com" static
local-zone: "codezonepremiere.com" static
local-zone: "cortana.ai" static
local-zone: "crmlive-int.com" static
local-zone: "crmlive-ppe.com" static
local-zone: "crmlive.net" static
local-zone: "crmliveperf.com" static
local-zone: "crmlivetie2.com" static
local-zone: "datacontract.org" static
local-zone: "dc-msedge.net" static
local-zone: "deepmatrix.com" static
local-zone: "deepmetrix.com" static
local-zone: "design-intelligence.com" static
local-zone: "digitalrivercontent.net" static
local-zone: "directtaps.net" static
local-zone: "discoverbing.com" static
local-zone: "dnset.com" static
local-zone: "do.com" static
local-zone: "download.com" static
local-zone: "downloadgamecenter.net" static
local-zone: "downloadgamecenter.org" static
local-zone: "downloadgamescenter.com" static
local-zone: "downloadgamescenter.net" static
local-zone: "downloadgamescenter.org" static
local-zone: "dyanmicslive.com" static
local-zone: "dyanmicslive.net" static
local-zone: "dyanmicslive.org" static
local-zone: "dynamicdns.biz" static
local-zone: "dynamics-int.com" static
local-zone: "dynamics-partner.com" static
local-zone: "dynamics-ppe.com" static
local-zone: "dynamics-preview.com" static
local-zone: "dynamics-spla.com" static
local-zone: "dynamics.biz" static
local-zone: "dynamics.com" static
local-zone: "dynamics.eu" static
local-zone: "dynamics.info" static
local-zone: "dynamicscontinuum.biz" static
local-zone: "dynamicscontinuum.info" static
local-zone: "dynamicscsplus.biz" static
local-zone: "dynamicscustomer.biz" static
local-zone: "dynamicscustomer.info" static
local-zone: "dynamicsdesignlogo.biz" static
local-zone: "dynamicsdesignlogo.info" static
local-zone: "dynamicsemployee.biz" static
local-zone: "dynamicsemployee.info" static
local-zone: "dynamicsexpensereport.biz" static
local-zone: "dynamicsexpensereport.info" static
local-zone: "dynamicslive-int.com" static
local-zone: "dynamicslive-ppe.com" static
local-zone: "dynamicslive-ppe.net" static
local-zone: "dynamicslive-ppe.org" static
local-zone: "dynamicslive.com" static
local-zone: "dynamicsnetapps.biz" static
local-zone: "dynamicsnetapps.info" static
local-zone: "dynamicsnetseries.biz" static
local-zone: "dynamicsnetseries.info" static
local-zone: "dynamicsnettools.biz" static
local-zone: "dynamicsnettools.info" static
local-zone: "dynamicsonline-int.com" static
local-zone: "dynamicsonline-ppe.com" static
local-zone: "dynamicsonline-preview.com" static
local-zone: "dynamicsonline.com" static
local-zone: "dynamicsorder.biz" static
local-zone: "dynamicsorder.info" static
local-zone: "dynamicsservicecenter.biz" static
local-zone: "dynamicsservicecenter.info" static
local-zone: "dynamicssite-int.com" static
local-zone: "dynamicssite-ppe.com" static
local-zone: "dynamicssite-preview.com" static
local-zone: "dynamicstimecard.biz" static
local-zone: "dynamicstimecard.info" static
local-zone: "dynamicsvendor.biz" static
local-zone: "dynamicsvendor.info" static
local-zone: "dynamicsview.biz" static
local-zone: "dynamicsview.info" static
local-zone: "dynssl.com" static
local-zone: "e-typedesign.co.uk" static
local-zone: "edgesuite.net" static
local-zone: "effectivemeasure.net" static
local-zone: "emodio.com" static
local-zone: "entelechargement.com" static
local-zone: "erplive.com" static
local-zone: "eso.com" static
local-zone: "eugrantsadvisor.com" static
local-zone: "eugrantsadvisor.name" static
local-zone: "eugrantsadvisor.net" static
local-zone: "eugrantsadvisor.org" static
local-zone: "exchangeyourcareer.com" static
local-zone: "exchangeyourcareer.net" static
local-zone: "exchangeyourcareer.org" static
local-zone: "explore.ms" static
local-zone: "facultyconnection.com" static
local-zone: "farolatino.com" static
local-zone: "flurry.com" static
local-zone: "footprintpredict.com" static
local-zone: "freepowerpoint.com" static
local-zone: "fullaudio.com" static
local-zone: "futurefed.com" static
local-zone: "getmicrosoftkey.com" static
local-zone: "getofficelive.co.za" static
local-zone: "gfx.ms" static
local-zone: "gotyoursoul.com" static
local-zone: "gowindowslive.com" static
local-zone: "gowindowslive.net" static
local-zone: "gowindowslive.org" static
local-zone: "hardware-update.com" static
local-zone: "healthvolt.net" static
local-zone: "hockeyapp.net" static
local-zone: "homeadvisor.com" static
local-zone: "hotmail.com" static
local-zone: "ic-live.com" static
local-zone: "ideawins-ppe.com" static
local-zone: "iechannelguide.com" static
local-zone: "iechannels.com" static
local-zone: "iegallery.com" static
local-zone: "ilovemessenger.com" static
local-zone: "imagine-live.com" static
local-zone: "imagine-windowslive.com.br" static
local-zone: "imagine-wl.com.br" static
local-zone: "img-prod-cms-rt-microsoft-com.akamaized.net" static
local-zone: "innovateon-int.com" static
local-zone: "innovateonmicrosoftofficelive.com" static
local-zone: "innovateonofficelive.com" static
local-zone: "innovateonwindowshpcserver.com" static
local-zone: "innovateonwindowshpcserver2008.com" static
local-zone: "installshield.com" static
local-zone: "intellitxt.com" static
local-zone: "jimboiscool.trt" static
local-zone: "licencje-microsoft.pl" static
local-zone: "licencjemicrosoft.eu" static
local-zone: "licensestore.jp" static
local-zone: "listbot.com" static
local-zone: "live-func.net" static
local-zone: "live-int.com" static
local-zone: "live-partner.com" static
local-zone: "live-ppe.com" static
local-zone: "live-str.com" static
local-zone: "live-tst.com" static
local-zone: "live-tst.net" static
local-zone: "live.ca" static
local-zone: "live.com.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "live.com" static
local-zone: "live.it" static
local-zone: "live.net" static
local-zone: "live365.com" static
local-zone: "liveatedu-ppe.com" static
local-zone: "liveatedu.com" static
local-zone: "liveexposupport.com" static
local-zone: "livefilestore.com" static
local-zone: "livenet.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "liveportal.com" static
local-zone: "livesearch.com.br" static
local-zone: "livestats.com" static
local-zone: "livestats.net" static
local-zone: "login.msa.akadns6.net" static
local-zone: "m1-msedge.net" static
local-zone: "macrosoft.com.br" static
local-zone: "macrovision.com" static
local-zone: "mactopia.net" static
local-zone: "madingleymodel.com" static
local-zone: "madingleymodel.org" static
local-zone: "mesh-int.com" static
local-zone: "mesh-ri.com" static
local-zone: "mesh.com" static
local-zone: "messengerentucelu.com" static
local-zone: "mfncpfs.com" static
local-zone: "mgsindiegames.net" static
local-zone: "mgsindiegames.org" static
local-zone: "micronewsads.com" static
local-zone: "microsfot.com" static
local-zone: "microsft.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "microsft.com.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "microsft.com.br" static
local-zone: "microsft.com" static
local-zone: "microsft.net" static
local-zone: "microsoft-antipiracy.com" static
local-zone: "microsoft-appstore.com" static
local-zone: "microsoft-b.com" static
local-zone: "microsoft-bg.com" static
local-zone: "microsoft-careers.com" static
local-zone: "microsoft-certification.co.uk" static
local-zone: "microsoft-cortana.com" static
local-zone: "microsoft-entertainment-jobs.com" static
local-zone: "microsoft-hohm.com" static
local-zone: "microsoft-int.com" static
local-zone: "microsoft-jdp.net" static
local-zone: "microsoft-news.com" static
local-zone: "microsoft-office-2010.com" static
local-zone: "microsoft-office-excel.com" static
local-zone: "microsoft-office.fr" static
local-zone: "microsoft-online-sales.com" static
local-zone: "microsoft-ppe.com" static
local-zone: "microsoft-press.com" static
local-zone: "microsoft-questions.com" static
local-zone: "microsoft-store-careers.com" static
local-zone: "microsoft-store-promo-code.com" static
local-zone: "microsoft-tst.com" static
local-zone: "microsoft.ae" static
local-zone: "microsoft.af" static
local-zone: "microsoft.ag" static
local-zone: "microsoft.ai" static
local-zone: "microsoft.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "microsoft.al" static
local-zone: "microsoft.am" static
local-zone: "microsoft.as" static
local-zone: "microsoft.at" static
local-zone: "microsoft.az" static
local-zone: "microsoft.ba" static
local-zone: "microsoft.be" static
local-zone: "microsoft.bi" static
local-zone: "microsoft.biz" static
local-zone: "microsoft.bs" static
local-zone: "microsoft.by" static
local-zone: "microsoft.bz" static
local-zone: "microsoft.ca" static
local-zone: "microsoft.cc" static
local-zone: "microsoft.cd" static
local-zone: "microsoft.ch" static
local-zone: "microsoft.cl" static
local-zone: "microsoft.cm" static
local-zone: "microsoft.cn" static
local-zone: "microsoft.co.il" static
local-zone: "microsoft.co.uk" static
local-zone: "microsoft.co" static
local-zone: "microsoft.com-c-3.edgekey.net.globalredir.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "microsoft.com.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "microsoft.com.ar" static
local-zone: "microsoft.com.au" static
local-zone: "microsoft.com.br" static
local-zone: "microsoft.com.c.footprint.net" static
local-zone: "microsoft.com.edgesuite.net" static
local-zone: "microsoft.com.tw" static
local-zone: "microsoft.com.unistore.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "microsoft.com" static
local-zone: "microsoft.cr" static
local-zone: "microsoft.cx" static
local-zone: "microsoft.cz" static
local-zone: "microsoft.de" static
local-zone: "microsoft.dj" static
local-zone: "microsoft.dk" static
local-zone: "microsoft.dm" static
local-zone: "microsoft.do" static
local-zone: "microsoft.ec" static
local-zone: "microsoft.ee" static
local-zone: "microsoft.es" static
local-zone: "microsoft.fi" static
local-zone: "microsoft.fm" static
local-zone: "microsoft.fr" static
local-zone: "microsoft.ge" static
local-zone: "microsoft.gg" static
local-zone: "microsoft.gl" static
local-zone: "microsoft.gm" static
local-zone: "microsoft.gp" static
local-zone: "microsoft.gr" static
local-zone: "microsoft.gs" static
local-zone: "microsoft.gt" static
local-zone: "microsoft.gy" static
local-zone: "microsoft.hn" static
local-zone: "microsoft.hr" static
local-zone: "microsoft.hu" static
local-zone: "microsoft.ie" static
local-zone: "microsoft.im" static
local-zone: "microsoft.in" static
local-zone: "microsoft.info" static
local-zone: "microsoft.io" static
local-zone: "microsoft.is" static
local-zone: "microsoft.it" static
local-zone: "microsoft.je" static
local-zone: "microsoft.jo" static
local-zone: "microsoft.jp" static
local-zone: "microsoft.kg" static
local-zone: "microsoft.kn" static
local-zone: "microsoft.kz" static
local-zone: "microsoft.la" static
local-zone: "microsoft.lc" static
local-zone: "microsoft.li" static
local-zone: "microsoft.lk" static
local-zone: "microsoft.lt" static
local-zone: "microsoft.lu" static
local-zone: "microsoft.lv" static
local-zone: "microsoft.ly" static
local-zone: "microsoft.ma" static
local-zone: "microsoft.md" static
local-zone: "microsoft.mn" static
local-zone: "microsoft.mp" static
local-zone: "microsoft.ms" static
local-zone: "microsoft.mu" static
local-zone: "microsoft.mv" static
local-zone: "microsoft.mw" static
local-zone: "microsoft.mx" static
local-zone: "microsoft.my" static
local-zone: "microsoft.net" static
local-zone: "microsoft.nf" static
local-zone: "microsoft.nl" static
local-zone: "microsoft.no" static
local-zone: "microsoft.org" static
local-zone: "microsoft.pa" static
local-zone: "microsoft.pe" static
local-zone: "microsoft.ph" static
local-zone: "microsoft.pk" static
local-zone: "microsoft.pl" static
local-zone: "microsoft.pn" static
local-zone: "microsoft.pr" static
local-zone: "microsoft.pt" static
local-zone: "microsoft.pw" static
local-zone: "microsoft.re" static
local-zone: "microsoft.ro" static
local-zone: "microsoft.ru" static
local-zone: "microsoft.rw" static
local-zone: "microsoft.sc" static
local-zone: "microsoft.se" static
local-zone: "microsoft.si" static
local-zone: "microsoft.sk" static
local-zone: "microsoft.sl" static
local-zone: "microsoft.sm" static
local-zone: "microsoft.sn" static
local-zone: "microsoft.so" static
local-zone: "microsoft.sr" static
local-zone: "microsoft.su" static
local-zone: "microsoft.sy" static
local-zone: "microsoft.tj" static
local-zone: "microsoft.tk" static
local-zone: "microsoft.tm" static
local-zone: "microsoft.tn" static
local-zone: "microsoft.tt" static
local-zone: "microsoft.tv" static
local-zone: "microsoft.tw" static
local-zone: "microsoft.ua" static
local-zone: "microsoft.ug" static
local-zone: "microsoft.uz" static
local-zone: "microsoft.vc" static
local-zone: "microsoft.vn" static
local-zone: "microsoft.ws" static
local-zone: "microsoftadvertising.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftauto.com.br" static
local-zone: "microsoftazuread-sso.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftbiconference.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftbicustomercouncil.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftbusinesshub.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftc.com.br" static
local-zone: "microsoftclassifiedads.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftcloudpartner.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftcourseware.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftcourseware.net" static
local-zone: "microsoftcourseware.org" static
local-zone: "microsoftdynamicserp.biz" static
local-zone: "microsoftdynamicslive-int.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftdynamicslive-ppe.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftdynamicslive.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftdynamicslive.net" static
local-zone: "microsoftdynamicslive.org" static
local-zone: "microsofteai.com.br" static
local-zone: "microsoftelearning.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftencarta.net" static
local-zone: "microsoftencarta.org" static
local-zone: "microsoftequipt.com" static
local-zone: "microsofter.com.br" static
local-zone: "microsoftexpo.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftexpo.net" static
local-zone: "microsoftexpo.org" static
local-zone: "microsoftforefront.org" static
local-zone: "microsoftfrontpage.com" static
local-zone: "microsofthealthbeta.com" static
local-zone: "microsofthealthsolutions.com" static
local-zone: "microsofthotmail.com.br" static
local-zone: "microsofthup.com" static
local-zone: "microsofthyper-v.com.br" static
local-zone: "microsofthyper-vserver.com.br" static
local-zone: "microsoftinformatica.com.br" static
local-zone: "microsoftitacademy.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftlawportal.net" static
local-zone: "microsoftlicense.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftlicensereview.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftlicensestatement.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftlive.com.br" static
local-zone: "microsoftlivelabs.com.br" static
local-zone: "microsoftmediaroom.de" static
local-zone: "microsoftoffice.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftoffice365now.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftonline-p.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftonline-p.net" static
local-zone: "microsoftonline.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftphotosynth.com.br" static
local-zone: "microsoftplayfx.com.br" static
local-zone: "microsoftportal.net" static
local-zone: "microsoftstore.com.cn" static
local-zone: "microsoftstore.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftstore.it" static
local-zone: "microsoftstore.me" static
local-zone: "microsoftstream.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftsupplychain.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftsurface.com.br" static
local-zone: "microsofttemplates.com" static
local-zone: "microsofttemplates.org" static
local-zone: "microsofttouch.fr" static
local-zone: "microsoftupdate.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftupdates.eu" static
local-zone: "microsoftvirtualacademy.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftvolumelicensing.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftwildcat.com" static
local-zone: "microsoftword.com.br" static
local-zone: "micrososft.com" static
local-zone: "micrsoftsmartcar.co.uk" static
local-zone: "mikrosoft.tv" static
local-zone: "mixplay.tv" static
local-zone: "mobileconfig.net" static
local-zone: "mobilepcpartners.com" static
local-zone: "moneycentral.com" static
local-zone: "moonport.com" static
local-zone: "movielink.com" static
local-zone: "ms-courseware.com" static
local-zone: "ms-courseware.net" static
local-zone: "ms-courseware.org" static
local-zone: "ms.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "ms.co.nz" static
local-zone: "msads.net" static
local-zone: "msappproxy.net" static
local-zone: "msauth.net" static
local-zone: "msbpn.com" static
local-zone: "mscourseware.com" static
local-zone: "mscourseware.net" static
local-zone: "mscoursewareonline.com" static
local-zone: "mscoursewareonline.net" static
local-zone: "mscoursewareonline.org" static
local-zone: "mscrm.com" static
local-zone: "msdn.com" static
local-zone: "msdnevents.com" static
local-zone: "msdnlive.com" static
local-zone: "msecdn.com" static
local-zone: "msecdn.net" static
local-zone: "msecn.net" static
local-zone: "msecnd.com" static
local-zone: "msecnd.net" static
local-zone: "msedge.net" static
local-zone: "msedulabs.com" static
local-zone: "msencarta.net" static
local-zone: "mseventseurope.com" static
local-zone: "msfdc.com" static
local-zone: "msft.com" static
local-zone: "msft.net" static
local-zone: "msftconnecttest.com" static
local-zone: "msftidentity.com" static
local-zone: "msftncsi.com.edgesuite.net" static
local-zone: "msftncsi.com" static
local-zone: "msftoffers.com" static
local-zone: "msftsrvcs.vo.llnwd.net" static
local-zone: "msftsrvcs.vo.llnwi.net" static
local-zone: "msgamebetas.com" static
local-zone: "msgamedev.com" static
local-zone: "msgames.net" static
local-zone: "msgamesinsider.com" static
local-zone: "msgamestudios.com" static
local-zone: "msinsider.com" static
local-zone: "mslearning.com" static
local-zone: "mslit.com" static
local-zone: "mslivelabs-int.com" static
local-zone: "msmecrm.com" static
local-zone: "msn-int.com" static
local-zone: "msn-ppe.com" static
local-zone: "msn.be" static
local-zone: "msn.ca" static
local-zone: "msn.ch" static
local-zone: "msn.co.id" static
local-zone: "msn.co.jp" static
local-zone: "msn.co.kr" static
local-zone: "msn.co.th" static
local-zone: "msn.co.uk" static
local-zone: "msn.com.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "msn.com.cn" static
local-zone: "msn.com.hk" static
local-zone: "msn.com.my" static
local-zone: "msn.com.ph" static
local-zone: "msn.com.sg" static
local-zone: "msn.com.tw" static
local-zone: "msn.com" static
local-zone: "msn.de" static
local-zone: "msn.es" static
local-zone: "msn.fr" static
local-zone: "msn.la" static
local-zone: "msn.mm" static
local-zone: "msn.net" static
local-zone: "msn.nl" static
local-zone: "msn.se" static
local-zone: "msncompanion.com" static
local-zone: "msnencarta.com" static
local-zone: "msnexpo.com" static
local-zone: "msngamecenter.net" static
local-zone: "msngamecenter.org" static
local-zone: "msngamescenter.net" static
local-zone: "msngamescenter.org" static
local-zone: "msnmessenger.com" static
local-zone: "msnmobile.in" static
local-zone: "msnupdate.bz" static
local-zone: "msnusers.com" static
local-zone: "msocdn.com" static
local-zone: "msocsp.com" static
local-zone: "mspchealth.com" static
local-zone: "msretech.com" static
local-zone: "mssandbox.com" static
local-zone: "msstudentlounge.com" static
local-zone: "msstudiosmedia.com" static
local-zone: "msteams.com" static
local-zone: "mswep.com" static
local-zone: "mswindows-update.com" static
local-zone: "mswindowsupdates.com" static
local-zone: "mtcdemos.net" static
local-zone: "musicgiants.com" static
local-zone: "musicmatch.com" static
local-zone: "musicnet.com" static
local-zone: "mywindowsmobile.co.uk" static
local-zone: "mywindowsmobile.com" static
local-zone: "mywindowsmobile.de" static
local-zone: "napster.com" static
local-zone: "navegaprotegido.org" static
local-zone: "navison.com" static
local-zone: "netgamesusa.com" static
local-zone: "netmeetingtools.com" static
local-zone: "nflfeverinsider.com" static
local-zone: "nflfeverinsider.org" static
local-zone: "ngworldstats.com" static
local-zone: "no-ip.biz" static
local-zone: "novadose.net" static
local-zone: "nsatc.net" static
local-zone: "nuevomessenger2009.com" static
local-zone: "o365filtering.com" static
local-zone: "oaspapps.com" static
local-zone: "oberon-media.com" static
local-zone: "od2.com" static
local-zone: "office.com" static
local-zone: "office.net" static
local-zone: "office" static
local-zone: "office2010test.com" static
local-zone: "office365.com" static
local-zone: "officecdn-microsoft-com.akamaized.net" static
local-zone: "officeformac.com" static
local-zone: "officelive.com.tw" static
local-zone: "officelive.com" static
local-zone: "officelive.mp" static
local-zone: "officelivecontent.com" static
local-zone: "omniroot.com" static
local-zone: "omtrdc.net" static
local-zone: "onedrive.com" static
local-zone: "onenote.net" static
local-zone: "onestore.ms" static
local-zone: "onmicrosoft.com" static
local-zone: "osdinfra.net" static
local-zone: "outlook.com" static
local-zone: "parlano.com" static
local-zone: "partnermarketplace.com" static
local-zone: "passalong.com" static
local-zone: "passport.net" static
local-zone: "payplay.fm" static
local-zone: "phx.gbl" static
local-zone: "playmsn.com" static
local-zone: "playout.se" static
local-zone: "poptang.com" static
local-zone: "projectzerofriction.com" static
local-zone: "projectzerofriction.net" static
local-zone: "projectzerofriction.org" static
local-zone: "puretracks.com" static
local-zone: "rdst-internal.net" static
local-zone: "realtydesktop.net" static
local-zone: "riseofnationsinsider.com" static
local-zone: "s-microsoft.com" static
local-zone: "s-msft.com" static
local-zone: "s-msn.com" static
local-zone: "s2bprogram.com" static
local-zone: "sbp-int.com" static
local-zone: "schwancosmetics.cz" static
local-zone: "sclive-ppe.net" static
local-zone: "scroogled.com" static
local-zone: "searchalliance.com" static
local-zone: "searchperks.com" static
local-zone: "sensormap.org" static
local-zone: "sertifikasi-microsoft.com" static
local-zone: "sfbassets.com" static
local-zone: "sharedview.com" static
local-zone: "sharepoint.com" static
local-zone: "sharepointonline.com" static
local-zone: "skype-dns.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "skype-edf.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "skype-registar.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "skype.com" static
local-zone: "skype.edf.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "skype.net" static
local-zone: "skype" static
local-zone: "skypeassets.com" static
local-zone: "skypeassets.net" static
local-zone: "skypedata.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "skypeforbusiness.com" static
local-zone: "skyprod.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "software.net" static
local-zone: "softwarewow.com" static
local-zone: "soundbuzz.com" static
local-zone: "spohealth.com" static
local-zone: "spoprod-a.akamaihd.net" static
local-zone: "sqlserverenergy.com" static
local-zone: "start.com" static
local-zone: "startwindowsmobile.com" static
local-zone: "stationq.com" static
local-zone: "subscribenet.com" static
local-zone: "taskmarket.com" static
local-zone: "toolup.com" static
local-zone: "trafficmanager.net" static
local-zone: "trymicrosoftoffice.com" static
local-zone: "urge.com" static
local-zone: "v0cdn.net" static
local-zone: "vboxprod.com" static
local-zone: "vidzone.tv" static
local-zone: "virtualearth.net" static
local-zone: "visualstudio.com" static
local-zone: "w-src.com" static
local-zone: "wbaltv.com" static
local-zone: "webtv.net" static
local-zone: "whymicrosoft.com" static
local-zone: "winaero.com" static
local-zone: "wind8apps.com" static
local-zone: "windonws.com.br" static
local-zone: "window7phone.com" static
local-zone: "windowphone7.com" static
local-zone: "windowphones.net" static
local-zone: "windows-live.com.br" static
local-zone: "windows-ppe.net" static
local-zone: "windows.ca" static
local-zone: "windows.com.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "windows.com" static
local-zone: "windows.lu" static
local-zone: "windows.net" static
local-zone: "windows" static
local-zone: "windows07.com.br" static
local-zone: "windows2000.com.br" static
local-zone: "windows7download.com" static
local-zone: "windows8downloads.com" static
local-zone: "windows8downloadscdn.com" static
local-zone: "windowsazure.com" static
local-zone: "windowsazure.org" static
local-zone: "windowsdna.com.br" static
local-zone: "windowsembeddeddevices.com" static
local-zone: "windowsembeddedkit.com" static
local-zone: "windowsembeddedpartner.com" static
local-zone: "windowsembeddedpartner.net" static
local-zone: "windowsembeddedpartner.org" static
local-zone: "windowsembeddedpartners.com" static
local-zone: "windowsembeddedpartners.net" static
local-zone: "windowsembeddedpartners.org" static
local-zone: "windowsfilm.com.br" static
local-zone: "windowsfilms.com.br" static
local-zone: "windowsgamedeveloper.com" static
local-zone: "windowshomeserver.com.br" static
local-zone: "windowshyper-v.com.br" static
local-zone: "windowsinformatica.com.br" static
local-zone: "windowslive.com.ph" static
local-zone: "windowslive.com" static
local-zone: "windowslive.de" static
local-zone: "windowslive.fr" static
local-zone: "windowslive.la" static
local-zone: "windowslive.net" static
local-zone: "windowslive.nl" static
local-zone: "windowsliveexpo.com" static
local-zone: "windowslivegadgets.com" static
local-zone: "windowslivehelp.com" static
local-zone: "windowsliveid.com" static
local-zone: "windowsliveonecare.com" static
local-zone: "windowsliveplanet.com" static
local-zone: "windowslogo.org" static
local-zone: "windowsmarketplace.com" static
local-zone: "windowsmedia.com" static
local-zone: "windowsmedia1.com" static
local-zone: "windowsmediacenter.com" static
local-zone: "windowsmediaguide.com" static
local-zone: "windowsmobile.es" static
local-zone: "windowsonecare.com" static
local-zone: "windowsonecare.nl" static
local-zone: "windowsonecarelive.com" static
local-zone: "windowsonecarelive.net" static
local-zone: "windowsonline.com.br" static
local-zone: "windowsphone-int.com" static
local-zone: "windowsphone-int.net" static
local-zone: "windowsphone.co.uk" static
local-zone: "windowsphone.com" static
local-zone: "windowsphone.cz" static
local-zone: "windowsphone.es" static
local-zone: "windowsphone.net" static
local-zone: "windowsphone.se" static
local-zone: "windowsphone6.com" static
local-zone: "windowsphone7.com" static
local-zone: "windowsphone7.net" static
local-zone: "windowsphones.net" static
local-zone: "windowsphones.org" static
local-zone: "windowsphoneseven.com" static
local-zone: "windowsphoneseven.net" static
local-zone: "windowspone.com" static
local-zone: "windowspowershell.org" static
local-zone: "windowsrestaurante.com.br" static
local-zone: "windowssearch.com" static
local-zone: "windowsserverfeedback.com" static
local-zone: "windowsserverhyper-v.com.br" static
local-zone: "windowsstore.com" static
local-zone: "windowsupdate.com.br" static
local-zone: "windowsupdate.com.c.footprint.net" static
local-zone: "windowsupdate.com" static
local-zone: "windowsvissa.com" static
local-zone: "windowsvista.kz" static
local-zone: "windowsxp.com.br" static
local-zone: "windowsxp.nu" static
local-zone: "windowvista.com.br" static
local-zone: "windwosphone.com" static
local-zone: "wldrive.com.br" static
local-zone: "wmplugins.com" static
local-zone: "www-live.com" static
local-zone: "xbox.com" static
local-zone: "xbox.de" static
local-zone: "xbox" static
local-zone: "xbox360nextgennow.com" static
local-zone: "xboxcanada.ca" static
local-zone: "xboxlive.com-c.edgekey.net.globalredir.akadns.net" static
local-zone: "xboxlive.com-c.edgekey.net" static
local-zone: "xboxlive.com.br" static
local-zone: "xboxlive.com" static
local-zone: "xboxrc.com" static
local-zone: "xmlsoap.org" static
local-zone: "xsnsports.com" static
local-zone: "xtngm-ppe.com" static
local-zone: "yahoobingnetwork.com" static
local-zone: "zone.com" static
local-zone: "zootycooninsider.com" static
local-zone: "zootycooninsider.net" static
local-zone: "zootycooninsider.org" static
#####################
### BLOCK MOZILLA ###
#####################
local-zone: "accounts.firefox.com" static
local-zone: "aus5.mozilla.org" static
local-zone: "blocked.cdn.mozilla.net" static
local-zone: "blocklist.addons.mozilla.org" static
local-zone: "crash-stats.mozilla.com" static
local-zone: "detectportal.firefox.com" static
local-zone: "dynamicua.cdn.mozilla.net" static
local-zone: "experiments.mozilla.org" static
local-zone: "fhr.cdn.mozilla.net" static
local-zone: "getpocket.com" static
local-zone: "getpocket-cdn.prod.mozaws.net" static
local-zone: "getpocket.cdn.mozilla.net" static
local-zone: "input.mozilla.org" static
local-zone: "install.mozilla.org" static
local-zone: "mozorg.cdn.mozilla.net" static
local-zone: "mz.la" static
local-zone: "services.mozilla.com" static
local-zone: "snippets.cdn.mozilla.net" static
local-zone: "stage.mozaws.net" static
local-zone: "sumo.mozilla.net" static
local-zone: "tbpl.mozilla.org" static
local-zone: "telemetry-experiment.cdn.mozilla.net" static
local-zone: "telemetry.mozilla.org" static
local-zone: "tracking-protection.cdn.mozilla.net" static
local-zone: "versioncheck-bg.addons.mozilla.org" static
####################
### BLOCK SOCIAL ###
####################
local-zone: "amp-reddit-com.cdn.ampproject.org" static
local-zone: "redd.it" static
local-zone: "reddit-image.s3.amazonaws.com" static
local-zone: "reddit-stream.com" static
local-zone: "reddit-uploaded-media.s3-accelerate.amazonaws.com" static
local-zone: "reddit-uploaded-video.s3-accelerate.amazonaws.com" static
local-zone: "reddit.com" static
local-zone: "redditblog.com" static
local-zone: "redditgifts.com" static
local-zone: "redditinc.com" static
local-zone: "redditmedia.com" static
local-zone: "redditstatic.com" static
local-zone: "reddituploads.com" static
local-zone: "ads-twitter.com" static
local-zone: "ads.pinterest.com" static
local-zone: "alb.reddit.com" static
local-zone: "albertsons.com" static
local-zone: "alexa.com" static
local-zone: "alwaysdata.net" static
local-zone: "aol.com" static
local-zone: "arstechnica.com" static
local-zone: "bufferapp.com" static
local-zone: "cookiex.ngd.yahoo.com" static
local-zone: "cosmopolitan.com" static
local-zone: "ct.pinterest.com" static
local-zone: "darkreader.github.io" static
local-zone: "darkreader.org" static
local-zone: "digg.com" static
local-zone: "diggstatic.com" static
local-zone: "discord.me" static
local-zone: "discordapp.com" static
local-zone: "disqus.com" static
local-zone: "disquscdn.com" static
local-zone: "e.reddit.com" static
local-zone: "ea.com" static
local-zone: "eidos.com" static
local-zone: "elephant.art" static
local-zone: "events.redditmedia.com" static
local-zone: "foursquare.com" static
local-zone: "frieze.com" static
local-zone: "gameplayapi.intel.com" static
local-zone: "getsocial.io" static
local-zone: "gravatar.com" static
local-zone: "hellobar.com" static
local-zone: "hootsuite.com" static
local-zone: "hypebeast.com" static
local-zone: "improving.duckduckgo.com" static
local-zone: "insights-collector.gog.com" static
local-zone: "juxtapoz.com" static
local-zone: "kob.com" static
local-zone: "licdn.com" static
local-zone: "linkedin.com" static
local-zone: "lithium.com" static
local-zone: "myspace.com" static
local-zone: "myspacecdn.com" static
local-zone: "nytimes.com" static
local-zone: "oxiapps.com" static
local-zone: "pampers.com" static
local-zone: "paradox-interactive.com" static
local-zone: "paradoxplaza.com" static
local-zone: "pin.it" static
local-zone: "pinimg.com.edgekey.net" static
local-zone: "pinimg.com" static
local-zone: "pinterest.ch" static
local-zone: "pinterest.com.edgekey.net" static
local-zone: "pinterest.com" static
local-zone: "pinterest.fr" static
local-zone: "pinterest.global.map.fastly.net" static
local-zone: "pinterest.map.fastly.net" static
local-zone: "pixel.redditmedia.com" static
local-zone: "pixel.wp.com" static
local-zone: "pushbullet.com" static
local-zone: "safeway.com" static
local-zone: "sharethis.com" static
local-zone: "socialannex.com" static
local-zone: "socialreach.com" static
local-zone: "spot.im" static
local-zone: "steambroadcast.akamaized.net" static
local-zone: "stumble-upon.com" static
local-zone: "stumbleupon.com" static
local-zone: "sustatic.com" static
local-zone: "t.co" static
local-zone: "theverge.com" static
local-zone: "tiktok.com" static
local-zone: "tumblr.com" static
local-zone: "tweetdeck.com" static
local-zone: "tweetmeme.com" static
local-zone: "twimg.com" static
local-zone: "twimg0-0.akamaihd.net" static
local-zone: "twitter-badges.s3.amazonaws.com" static
local-zone: "twitter.com.edgekey.net" static
local-zone: "twitter.com" static
local-zone: "twitter.org" static
local-zone: "twittter.com" static
local-zone: "twttr.com" static
local-zone: "unity3d.com" static
local-zone: "vk.com" static
local-zone: "vsco.co" static
local-zone: "weheartit.com" static
local-zone: "whicdn.com" static
local-zone: "wired.com" static
##################
### BLOCK TLDS ###
##################
local-zone: "ad" static
local-zone: "arpa" static
local-zone: "ax" static
local-zone: "bar" static
local-zone: "bat" static
local-zone: "beta" static
local-zone: "bid" static
local-zone: "biz" static
local-zone: "buzz" static
local-zone: "cf" static
local-zone: "click" static
local-zone: "club" static
local-zone: "cm" static
local-zone: "cn" static
local-zone: "comc" static
local-zone: "date" static
local-zone: "deals" static
local-zone: "desi" static
local-zone: "dk" static
local-zone: "download" static
local-zone: "email" static
local-zone: "exe" static
local-zone: "fit" static
local-zone: "ga" static
local-zone: "gdn" static
local-zone: "gq" static
local-zone: "guru" static
local-zone: "internal" static
local-zone: "key" static
local-zone: "kr" static
local-zone: "life" static
local-zone: "link" static
local-zone: "loan" static
local-zone: "local" static
local-zone: "localdomain" static
local-zone: "marketing" static
local-zone: "men" static
local-zone: "mil" static
local-zone: "ml" static
local-zone: "mobi" static
local-zone: "mom" static
local-zone: "mp" static
local-zone: "news" static
local-zone: "no" static
local-zone: "okinawa" static
local-zone: "onion" static
local-zone: "online" static
local-zone: "ooo" static
local-zone: "pl" static
local-zone: "plus" static
local-zone: "racing" static
local-zone: "reise" static
local-zone: "review" static
local-zone: "rocks" static
local-zone: "ru" static
local-zone: "ryukyu" static
local-zone: "sex" static
local-zone: "shop" static
local-zone: "sys" static
local-zone: "tel" static
local-zone: "tk" static
local-zone: "tokyo" static
local-zone: "top" static
local-zone: "trade" static
local-zone: "tw" static
local-zone: "vip" static
local-zone: "wang" static
local-zone: "webcam" static
local-zone: "website" static
local-zone: "win" static
local-zone: "work" static
local-zone: "works" static
local-zone: "world" static
local-zone: "wow" static
local-zone: "xin" static
local-zone: "xml" static
local-zone: "xxx" static
local-zone: "yokohama" static